# Software-Sec-Final-proj
## Instructions to download/clone this repo
* Switch to a new folder, and use `git clone https://github.com/TDA/Software-Sec-Final-proj.git`.
* All files in the repo should get cloned.
* You can start working on anything, but do so on a separate branch.

## How the issue system should be used
* If you are working on something, create an issue, with a good description of it, and assign it to yourself.
* If some issue doesnt have a PR yet, you can make one.
* If someone is already working on something, do not try to do the same.
* If someone has been assigned a task/issue, and there is no PR for it even after a week, lets make sure issue is re-assigned to someone, unless the OP wants to continue on it.
* As an example, I have created an issue to update this README, and once it was done, I closed it with the hash of the commit that fixed that:

    [Example issue](https://github.com/TDA/Software-Sec-Final-proj/issues/1)


## Instructions to be followed before a push
* If you are using an editor other than intellijidea, make sure your .gitignore is edited to exclude files generated by your editor.
* By default, the gitignore file excludes files created by intellij, regular java generated files, and maven.

## Guidelines for a Pull request
* Make sure whatever changes you want are on a separate branch, do *not* push to master.
* Your code *will be* peer reviewed, and then merged. At least one other member needs to review your code, and give a thumbs up.
* Make sure your commit messages are clear and concise, lets follow this system:

    ```
    type(scope): commit message
    ```

    where,

    ```
    type = {
            feat: for a new feature,
            fix: for a bug fix
            style: for a syntax/style issue
            refactor: for refactoring code
            chore: for documentation, and/or comments.
    },
    scope = { The part to which the scope is restricted, like so, if you worked on a login, put it as `login`}
    ```
* Also, as part of the PR body, ensure that you specify which issue it references, like so:

    ```
    Fixes #issuenumber
    ```

* So for example, if I made a PR that added a new login system, my PR would be like so:
    ```
    feat(login): added a login feature
    Fixes #11
    ```
